feat: add form deployed fields for Tasklist API (#2851)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/tasklist-api-rest/controllers/tasklist-api-rest-form-controller.md

#### URL

`/v1/forms/{formId}?processDefinitionKey={processDefinitionKey}&version={formVersion}`

#### Method

`GET`

#### Request parameters

| Parameter name       | Type  | Required | Description                                        |
| -------------------- | ----- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| formId               | path  | `true`   | ID of the form                                     |
| processDefinitionKey | query | `true`   | Reference to the process definition                |
| version              | query | `false`  | Version of the form, valid only for deployed forms |

:::caution

> The `formId` is a value generated by the internal Tasklist API and is distinct from the ID specified in the form editor. While the key returned to the API user when getting a task follows the format `camunda-forms:bpmn:<formId>`, only the `<formId>` segment is required to retrieve the form schema.

Reviewer: > a task follows the format `camunda-forms:bpmn:<formId>`

Is that also the case for deployed forms? Should we update this section to discern embedded and deployed?

Author: I updated this on this commit: [
](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/pull/2851/commits/fa47609ca55c0363c9b1d6a7e73a4ad9605bd9d4) 

Also I changed the box to "info" as it is more appropriated. If you think "Caution" is better, I can change again 👍

:::

:::caution

> The `version` is only used for deployed forms. When it is null, the latest active version of the form is returned, or an embedded form, if it is the case. For Embedded forms, version is always null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `version` is only used for deployed forms. When it is null, the latest active version of the form is returned, or an embedded form, if it is the case. For embedded forms, version is always null.
```

:::

#### HTTP request example

```bash
curl -X 'GET' \
  'http://{host}/v1/forms/{formId}?processDefinitionKey={processDefinitionKey}&version={formVersion}' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Cookie: TASKLIST-SESSION={tasklistSessionId}'
```

#### Responses

| HTTP status | Description                                                                                                           | Response schema                                                                     |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 200         | On success                                                                                                            | JSON object with [`FormResponse`](../schemas/responses/form-response.mdx) structure |

> | 404         | An error is returned when the form with the `formId`, `processDefinitionKey` and if the case, `version` is not found. | JSON object with [`Error`](../schemas/responses/error-response.mdx) structure       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 404         | An error is returned when the form with the `formId`, `processDefinitionKey`, and optionally specified `version` is not found. | JSON object with [`Error`](../schemas/responses/error-response.mdx) structure       |
```
